Kang Chi Hwan. Calm down.
Let her go,
and let's talk.
Don't try to trick me.
No!
Gosh.
(National Criminal Investigation)
(Final Episode)
Why did I run away?
I realized...
it'd be a hassle.
Exams are coming up soon.
I'm a straight-A student,
so I can't let my parents down.
If that's how you're trying to get out from here,
you should give up now.
(The Fan Fiction Phantom Club Recruitment)
You know this, right?
I do.
All the criminal psychology research students...
are members of this club.
Kang Chi Hwan.
You committed murder according to the postings...
on the fan fiction website.
Come on.
Don't be like this.
Don't be like an amateur.
Maybe other people practiced...
committing fake murder for fun.
Is that wrong? It's not a crime.
They didn't kill for real.
Murder practice?
Isn't that website...
really interesting?
When I read from it,
my fingers start to tingle,
and sometimes...
I feel like I'm actually committing murder.
Don't you want to know...
what it feels like...
to kill someone?
People will die eventually.
Why do I have to waste my time...
for people who are already dead?
He's not nervous at all.
He's aware that there's no clear evidence to prove his murder.
If this continues,
he'll be transferred to prosecutors for special injury.
We don't have an excuse keep him here.
Gather photos and documents of every victim.
Yes, sir.
Kang Chi Hwan's a first offender.
If he feels intimidated by the surrounding,
he'll feel pressured psychologically.
Do you remember this student?
You two studied the same major,
but she was recently murdered.
We operated...
a mystery club called...
"Journal Holmse".
I found her cute, but then she got so clingy,
so I stopped seeing her.
By the way,
who killed her?
That's Ko Joon Hee we talked about earlier.
She's the first victim of the incident.
She was electrocuted with a stun gun,
abducted, tortured,
and abandoned at the end...
like a piece of garbage.
(Body found near Sin Mok Stream)
She's a victim of shooting incident.
There's a narrowing construction area near Nadeulmok.
If you want to get on the outer road,
you must pass this narrow road.
When the man selects a target,
he slows down on purpose...
and blocks the woman's path.
The car behind gets upset, so she comes up,
then the man doesn't miss the chance...
and shoots the gun like this!
Did I get anything wrong?
The order of the crime, pattern, method,
and even the after-measures.
It's all perfect.
How did you find the culprit's signature?
Pardon?
It's all in the fan fiction.
I only repeated it.
It sounds like you're admitting your crime.
I think I told you earlier that I'm smart.
Do you have any more questions?
You dimmed the light...
and lowered the temperature.
You showed me the photos of victims on purpose,
and you continued to stay silent...
to intimidate me psychologically.
What's wrong?
Did I miss anything?
Is it possible...
to lower the temperature more?
I have a lot of heat in my body.
My brain works better...
when my head is cold.
Left-handed and tall.
He matches the suspect's appearance caught on the surveillance camera.
He took the same lectures with Ko Joon Hee,
and they joined the same club.
They're administrators of the fan fiction club.
Above all, on the day the murder notice was posted,
he abducted Son Na Kyung as what's written in the posting.
Do we still need more evidence?
Without a conclusive evidence, we can't imprison him for murder.
The problem is...
the website closed down...
because the information leaked.
I can't trace the club members anymore.
I'm sure they moved the website...
instead of closing it.
Now that he's on it again,
he'll never stop.
(The Night Reaper)
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Have you seen this person?
No, I haven't.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Have you seen this person?
No, I haven't.
Mother.
I...
can't get hold of Seo Young for two days now.
Yes.
We had a fight preparing for the wedding,
but I could always get hold of her.
Don't you think I should tell Father?
We need more time.
I know what you mean,
but solving the case is more important than justifying oneself.
Trust me.
I will solve this.
We have some breaking news. We're shocked to hear...
that during the chase that happened in the middle of the town...
as NCI was trying arrest a suspect of an abduction case,
three citizens were hit by a car and were hospitalized.
It's like we're on a pilgrimage.
These are the traces of the Reaper.
- This is the place. - Look.
(The Night Reaper)
Guys, isn't this place a little scary?
Really?
These stories were kept secret, but people started adding more to them.
It's hard to find the person who wrote it first.
The original site was closed down, but people are making...
more and more similar websites after this case became well-known.
It seems unlikely that we'd find anything through the internet.
If we can't stop the supporters,
many more of Kang Chi Hwan will appear.
That could be the chaos...
that the Reaper wants.
There have been superiors' orders to abort the investigation.
From now on,
regional investigation unit will be in charge.
All right?
The superiors seem to believe that the fact that NCI is in charge...
could only stimulate the culprits of this case.
As you may already know, the public already has a negative view...
on this team, and it could worsen.
Chief Director Baek, the Reaper is after us.
Are you asking us to step out in such a situation?
This is an order, so proceed accordingly.
Do you understand, Team Manager Kang?
What? On Chief Manager Baek?
Team Manager Kang, you should take a look at this.
Someone uploaded a strange writing on the bulletin board.
Here.
(NCI Bulletin Board)
(The woman was looking at a building with so many windows.)
Someone could be...
leaving us a message.
(The woman was looking at a building with so many windows.)
"The woman was looking at a building with so many windows."
"I will die here."
"If possible, I want it to be today."
"I hope you are the one that kills me."
I think the style has gotten a little different.
Until now, the stories have directly described the murders.
But this one is indirectly predicting a murder.
A woman who is asleep. A drowsy sunlight.
It's describing an afternoon.
And there are passersby and a bus stop.
People without facial expressions.
Team Manager Kang, near the bus stop 271,
there's a department store with a clock tower.
In front of the store, there's a crosswalk and an intersection.
It's describing the road we were hiding to catch Kang Chi Hwan.
The Reaper.
This must be the Reaper's writing.
Son Na Kyung is hospitalized at Seojin Hospital.
Yes.
Team Manager Kang, I found out where the chief director is.
He's at Seojin Hospital.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
The chief director is not answering my calls.
Where am I supposed to go to?
What do you want me to do?
Why? Are you disappointed...
that it's not your daughter?
Where is she?
If you really want to see her,
I'll let you see her.
How do you like it?
Now, if you want to save your daughter,
kill the woman next to you.
What's wrong?
Isn't your family the one thing that you are afraid of losing?
If you want something from me, let's meet up.
Please.
Don't do anything to her.
Are you begging me?
Gosh, you guys.
Why is everything so complicated with you guys?
Your family is dying.
To save your daughter,
kill her.
Kim Yong Chul,
you've got this the wrong way.
If you just do as I tell you, I'll let your daughter go.
You have only once chance.
Do you see the drawer?
Open it.
Pick the scalpel up.
You know what to do.
Don't hesitate, and kill her at once.
Son Na Kyung. Son Na Kyung.
I called the Chief Director's house...
and found out that his daughter has been missing for days.
The Reaper must have abducted his daughter to threaten him.
He's using the same method that he had used on me.
Track Chief Director Baek's car.
(National Criminal Investigation)
There's another posting on the bulletin board.
(Near Route 27, a quiet cafe with a view of the lake.)
"Near Route 27,"
"a quiet cafe with a view of the lake."
Why did you come so late?
I already had two cups of coffee.
Kim Yong Chul.
Where is Chief Director Baek?
Why are you in such a hurry?
Don't just stand there. Take a seat.
There must be a lot of things you'd like to hear from me.
Don't think about doing anything stupid.
Kang Ki Hyung.
Your pet is rather noisy.
You won't be able to step out of this room.
Do you want to make a bet?
Let's see if I can just walk out of this room in 10 minutes or not.
Kim Yong Chul,
I understand your pain.
But you do not know what pain is like...
because you can't feel anything.
You even killed people that the society doesn't care about,
that are without rights,
and forgotten by others.
You murdered such people.
That's your problem.
Can't you think simply?
Chief Director Baek San understood me.
But then,
he's the type that pushes his luck.
I told you.
I'll get to walk out of here on my own accord.
But don't you want to know...
what's inside the bag that belongs to a psychopath?
What is this?
This is my ticket to get me out of here.
Are you disappointed...
that it's Son Suk Ju, and not Baek San?
You psychopath!
Wait, wait.
I have something I have to check on.
It's breaking news.
A shocking report has come in to YTB News.
The anonymous informer sent us a video...
of five youths being confined.
He claimed that if the students are not rescued in time,
all of them will die.
According to an expert analysist...
Let's see how much time we have left.
It was confirmed.
Shall we start over again?
We're getting countless calls at the studio...
from the viewers that just watched the breaking news.
It is said that a child of a powerful politician...
is among the five hostages,
making the situation even bigger.
Should we make a move first?
No.
Stand by for now.
Okay.
Yes?
The situation doesn't look good.
We're trapped in here!
- Save us! - Help!
- Help us! - Help!
Help!
- Help. - Hurry...
Move.
Well, Kang Ki Hyung.
Do you feel like talking now?
Tell me.
What is it that you want?
He wants to go in Team Manager Kang's car.
He'll tell us where the kids are...
once we get to the place he wants.
He might have a scheme.
The kids' lives are at stake.
Just do as he tells us.
Team Manager Kang could be put in danger.
Just go with it for now.
Get the best agents to follow them as a backup.
Nice shot, Chief Commissioner.
If you make a rash move,
the kids might die. Remember that.
Let's go.
I'll contact you soon, so please be on standby.
I will.
Nana, please trace a vehicle for me.
Chief Director Baek is a human, just like you.
He acted all noble and well-mannered,
but he lost his head when it came to his family.
Is that the only thing...
you can do?
You will never beat me.
You'll end up accepting my offer.
You mentioned about the fire at the mental hospital, right?
There's a part you omitted.
Aren't you curious how delighted I was...
while watching the people struggling to survive in the fire?
Don't worry.
You'll get to experience it yourself soon.
Turn right.
Go straight.
Where did the car go?
Hold on, Hyun Jun.
Team Manager Kang's car disappeared.
From where they disappeared...
to underground passages and tunnels,
I'm searching for areas that could lose signals.
But it's been a while since I lost the signal.
I think they're going through this underground passage.
Where could this underground passage...
link to that also do not have signals?
There are three possibilities.
The closest one is...
It's Baejae Tunnel.
It's close to where you are.
Okay, that's enough driving.
On top of the tunnel entrance on a hill,
there is a storage covered with ivy.
It's a meaningful place for me.
Let's look at the time.
You have about five minutes.
You better hurry.
It's too bad we're parting ways like this,
but I'm sure we'll meet again.
He walked out that way.
I'll go check on the children. Go chase the Reaper.
Yes, sir.
[VIU Ver] Episode 20 Criminal Minds
-= Ruo Xi =-
Help me.
Please.
Wake up.
Am I going to die?
Hurry up.
It looks like liquid smoke used for special effect.
Fortunately, it's harmless.
The Reaper expected the children...
to feel fear in a closed space,
and that they'll fight against themselves.
You guys always do this.
Help me.
Seo Young.
Dad. Dad.
Dad.
Seo Young.
- Dad. - Seo Young.
Dad.
Dad. I'm scared.
Let's go home now, Seo Young.
Let's go home.
Seo Young, You go first.
I'll catch up with you. Hurry.
Get out, Seo Young. Hurry.
Okay.
Dad...
What about my dad?
We searched every old building...
within the radius of 4km...
from where you were found.
I'll...
find Chief Director for sure.
I got out alone. Alone.
Please save my dad.
Please find my dad.
Where...
should we start?
We can't catch him with a usual investigation method.
He was aware of tracking...
that he erased his trace completely as he moved.
I know it's the Reaper,
but I can't believe he can do all this alone.
There must be another follower.
To get him,
we must do exactly what the Reaper did,
and attract his followers.
We'll be able to attract the Reaper that way.
I'm sure...
he watched everything at the site.
Team Manager Kang. There's a video delivered to you.
Play it.
What do you think?
Do you like this one?
I think...
that's enough to make a good deal.
What do you want?
You know what I want.
It's simple. Give up on that boy,
and tell the world...
that you'll stop chasing after me.
That you have lost.
That you'll give up now.
If you give up on your petty pride,
Chief Director Baek will survive,
and I'll never appear again.
Don't you think it's a pretty good deal?
I've told you already.
I don't make a deal with a jerk like you.
Is your belief or justice that important?
Only novices care about such things when someone's life...
is at risk.
Kim Yong Chul,
we'll arrest you soon.
Kang Ki Hyung,
the needle in your pocket will stab you soon...
unless you get rid of your arrogant behavior.
You will never win at this game.
Never.
Zoom in.
Find me some personal details on him.
And find out the number of the patrol car.
Sir.
Someone helped him at the church where the third murder happened.
It could have been the Reaper.
The Reaper wanted to destroy our team in the first place.
That means the murders had to be enacted...
just the way it was written in the fan fiction novels.
These criminals had even planned the time of the murder.
That means it was important...
for them to know when we were going to find the bodies.
Do you have anything in mind?
It's not the Reaper.
The person that found Ko Joon Hee's body in the first case.
Do you remember him?
I'm Choi Hyun Jin. I work in the Female and Youth Division.
(Root of Evil)
We found it on the scene.
Are you talking about Detective Choi?
He's not just a supporter.
He was engaged to the Reaper's seventh victim,
Han Ji Won.
You're saying that he was the one that waited at the scene...
for the Reaper to appear, and helped...
Kang Chi Hwan.
He's been acting as his supporter,
so that he could get his revenge on his fiancee.
We're exposed.
(The Night Reaper)
Team Manager Kang, I have something.
A car behind the container has started to move.
Keep an eye on the car.
- Stay still. - Let me go.
You can't catch the Reaper.
You can't catch him with your weak ways.
Shut your mouth.
Although you blame it on the Reaper,
you're just another murderer.
Don't kid yourself. I'm going to kill him myself.
Get a hold of yourself, Choi Hyun Jin.
The Reaper already knew who you are.
He just played you.
Yes, sir.
He was watching us nearby as we expected.
I'll follow him first. You should come right away too.
I'm tracking him through the security footage.
The backup forces are waiting at the headquarters.
This is where...
the mental hospital that Kim Yong Chul set on fire had stood.
He came back to the place where all his pains have started.
Do you think...
he didn't know that we were after Choi Hyun Jin?
Just like we were always tracking him down,
he would have been watching us.
What if he had wanted us...
to come here?
He would try to end everything here.
The chief director is in danger.
I think he just left the room.
Chief Director Baek!
Kim Hyun Jun.
Step back.
Kim Yong Chul.
Stop fooling around.
You're too uptight.
What is it? Was it not fun?
Where is our chief director?
Tell us before I shoot off your head.
If you kill me now, you'll never find him.
Don't put up a show, and just tell me.
He won't be able to last long.
He's in bad shape right now.
All right.
What's next?
Put the guns down first before we talk.
Then we can start negotiating.
Kang Ki Hyung, this is your chance.
If you really want to kill me,
shoot me now.
Do you want me to kill you?
I thought that's what you wanted.
Shoot me, Kang Ki Hyung.
If you don't shoot me now,
you'll regret it forever.
I told you...
that you and I are the same sort.
Of course you'd deny it.
Shut your mouth.
How is that young police doing?
He had such black eyes.
Every time I kill someone with eyes like that,
my heart races.
If I kill that young police...
and rip him to pieces in front of you...
Don't move!
Shoot me.
Go ahead.
Tell us.
Where is he?
You jerk!
Calm down.
Open it.
It might not be what you expected to see.
It's only a start.
Now,
prove to yourselves...
how evil human beings can be.
Sir.
An instinct to survive...
is a common instinct to all animals.
All humans are animals, just like pigs.
Am I wrong?
You jerk!
You should have shot me when I gave you the chance.
I already killed Chief Director Baek.
You're so weak.
Kim Yong Chul!
Shoot. Shoot me.
Did I tell you?
Out of all the people I've killed...
touching Hae Won's body...
excited me the most.
It was the best.
Team Manager Kang.
Team Manager Kang!
Shoot. Shoot me.
Did I tell you?
Out of all the people I've killed...
touching Hae Won's body...
excited me the most.
It was the best.
Team Manager Kang.
Team Manager Kang!
"The ultimate power and the devil are fighting there."
"The battlefield is..."
"the heart of man."
By Dostoyevsky.
Dad.
Why do waves come and go?
Because it doesn't stagnate.
What does stagnate mean?
It means it's contained in one place for a long time.
Is stagnating bad?
Well...
It could be good...
or bad.
I think it's good.
Why do you think so?
If something stagnates,
it means I can be with it for a long time.
Do you miss your mom?
It's fine.
Your mom will be with us...
in our hearts.
Uncle. Aunt.
(Thank you for watching Criminal Minds.)